README.md, before:

Django Template i18n lint
=========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rory/django-template-i18n-lint.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rory/django-template-i18n-lint)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/rory/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/rory/django-template-i18n-lint?branch=master)
[![PyPI version](https://pypip.in/v/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-template-i18n-lint)
[![PyPI Downloads](https://pypip.in/d/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-template-i18n-lint)


A simple script to find non-i18n text in a Django template.

It can also automatically wrap the strings in `{% trans "" %}` tags, by running it with the `-r` command-line flag.
The translation will be written to a new file, `<filename>_translated.html`.

For more info see [Lint tool to find non-i18n strings in a django template](http://www.technomancy.org/python/django-template-i18n-lint/)

Code is copyright Rory McCann 2013, and dual licenced under the GNU GPL version3 (or at your option a later version), and the BSD licence. See the files LICENCE.GPLv3 and LICENCE.BSD for more information


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/rory/django-template-i18n-lint/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Updated the README file with inspiration from ArabellaTech's fork

README.md, after:

Django Template i18n lint
=========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rory/django-template-i18n-lint.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rory/django-template-i18n-lint)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/rory/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/rory/django-template-i18n-lint?branch=master)
[![PyPI version](https://pypip.in/v/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-template-i18n-lint)
[![PyPI Downloads](https://pypip.in/d/django-template-i18n-lint/badge.png)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-template-i18n-lint)

Fork of original project by Rory McCann, [https://github.com/rory/django-template-i18n-lint](https://github.com/rory/django-template-i18n-lint), description by original author: [Lint tool to find non-i18n strings in a django template](http://www.technomancy.org/python/django-template-i18n-lint/)


A simple script to find non-i18n text in a Django template.

* native Django translation `{% trans 'x' %}` and `{% blocktrans %}`

Usage:
======

    $ python django_angular_template_i18n_lint.py template_files

Program docs are available:

    $ python django_angular_template_i18n_lint --h


Usefull hints:
==============

Putting `{# notrans #}` or `<!-- notrans -->` at the begining of line will prevent that line from showin in the results.
